feat: add create account tool (#188)
hashgraph/hedera-agent-kit: docs/HEDERAPLUGINS.md

### Core Account Plugin Tools (core-account-plugin)
This plugin provides tools for Hedera Account Service operations

| Tool Name             | Description                             | Usage                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `TRANSFER_HBAR_TOOL`  | Transfer HBAR between accounts          | Provide the amount of of HBAR to transfer, the account to transfer to, and optionally, a transaction memo.                          |

> | `CREATE_ACCOUNT_TOOL` | Creates new key pair and hedera account | Provide agreement text, type of key that should be generated, and optionally account memo, initial balance and max auto association |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CREATE_ACCOUNT_TOOL` | Creates new hedera account, either for a provided public key, or for the keypair provided in the operator account | Provide agreement text, type of key that should be generated, and optionally account memo, initial balance and max auto association |
```
